Ok bro
We've been standing here for over an hour.
It's time for dinner
The food we washed for the master is getting cold
Be really careful
Please raise your hands to the two little brothers
Let's go in and meet the old man
When we develop in the future, we will definitely not forget you.
Come and accept it, sorry, we don't accept red envelopes.
What does Master Ou want?
Master Ou
This is the housekeeping document.
paperwork
Sir, you haven't seen it in a long time
You waited so long
I haven't seen the dead old man
Why die? How to get in?
Just now, our housekeeper came out and went in in person.
Delay that dead girl
How can you know a child as old as the dead old man?
Don't worry about that guy just now
Call the man next to me, right?
Isn't that the famous one?
Night Ripper